---
title: "2005-09-29 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2005-09-29
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2005/0929
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

**CSSS Meeting Minutes
Thursday September 29, 2005; 4:00pm @ CSSS Office**
_Roll Call: Nakisa, Arash, James, Rachel, Jamie, Derrick, Andrew T., Mark L., Charles, Peter, Andrew N., Jason_

1.0 Career Fair

*   scheduled for Thursday January 26, 2006
*   parternship with Engineering Physics and Electrical Engineering
*   held in SUB Ballroom, Party Room, Foyer
*   create and distribute PDF with all the pertinent information (Jamie)
*   attach PDF on website along with an article
*   call companies, then send a follow up email
*   40 companies to be contacted, job divided 2 per volunteer
*   still need to sort out division of money with partners before collecting (Andrew R.)

2.0 Accenture Information Session

*   second info session on October 5 may not occur because of booking problems

3.0 Website

*   add year reps to exec profiles page
*   James, Jamie, Mark S. still need to add their information
*   apply for ubc.ca subdomains, thecube.ubc.ca
*   increase advertising -> 10 great things about the website? forum contest?

4.0 LAN Party

*   scheduled for Friday October 7, 2005
*   computer games will be Unreal Tournament 2004, CounterStrike: Source, WarCraft III
*   bring board games, need to look after them (Jamie)
*   no projector
*   ask Paul about buying a projector (James)
*   bring poker chips and cards (Derrick)
*   banner from Evangelo's to be put in the lounge, small posters in Dempster (Jamie)

5.0 Who's Who Winners

*   post on website (Nakisa)
*   put on white board in window (Nakisa)
*   note on the wall outside the office (Nakisa)

6.0 Peer Tutoring

*   web form set up, needs tracking features (Derrick)
*   need to write disclaimer (Derrick)

7.0 Newsletter

*   dates and titles only, keep it short
*   write one for beginning of the month
*   advertise grad photos, bzzr garden, LAN party, tutoring, Who's Who winners, In My Experience, clothing designs (Mark L.)

8.0 Clothing Designs

*   waiting for reply regarding logo requirements (Nakisa)
*   no new entries

9.0 Microsoft Visual Studio Launch Party

*   prizes and information provided by Microsoft
*   need someone to spearhead this event (James)

10.0 In My Experience

*   tentatively scheduled for Thursday November 3; 12:30-1:30pm
*   one person replied, plus Jake
*   probably have a small one in November
*   have a larger one at the beginning of next term

11.0 Photocopier in Reading Room

*   department should handle this, not us

12.0 Informal Survey

*   ask about courses, how people feel about them, what's good
*   possibly an online course wiki, allow comments below
*   probably produce something on the website
*   400 level courses currently undergoing restructuring
*   CPSC 415 needs tutorials
