---
title: "2007-10-29 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2007-10-29
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2007/1029
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

CSSS Meeting Minutes
Monday, October 29, 2007

1.  Post-discussion BBQ
    *   No more BBQs on rainy days because of past problems; 2 day in advance notice to cancel
    *   Propane grills next time
    *   Raffle Tickets next time for tickets.
2.  Halo 3 Tournament on Nov 16
    *   Ilan's in charge of organizing the event. Interested in helping out? Ask him
    *   This will be a free for all event, with free entry. Prizes will be for top 3 of a budget of $100. Pizza and Pop will be sold individually.
    *   Max 4 X-Boxes per game (technical limitation). Will need 16 xbox Controllers
        *   During event all participants will be required to give ID so we don’t lose a controller like last time
    *   Eugene: Needs to book DMP 110, and get 1 projector. Ilan needs to find all xboxes / controllers for the event.
3.  Beer Garden on Nov 30
    *   Jeremiah's in charge of organizing the event
    *   Location / Time: 4pm–8pm Reboot Café (Eugene/Jeremiah to book room)
    *   What will be sold: BBQ, chips, pop, $2.50/beer, $3.00/cider
    *   Need license 17 business days before event (DO IT this week)
    *   Eugene needs to send permission form to Moyra
    *   Estimated attendance: 30–40 (but check venue capacity)
    *   Jenny has Serving It Right. Piam will find some other people.
4.  Grad Photos
    *   4th years should get photos by Dec 31 by Evangelos (guests welcome)
5.  Printer
    *   The printer will be dropped off. Eugene and Victor will finalize printer issue.
6.  Google Free Breakfast
    *   Friday—Google pays for breakfast, check out cube website for more info
7.  Locker rentals
    *   Will cost a lot of money to install lockers. $50 per locker per year to cover costs
8.  Career fair
    *   Arash will have more companies in a week
        We have a game company (RizTown?) and AeroInfo.
