---
title: "2008-09-22 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2008-09-22
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2008/0922
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

CSSS Meeting Minutes
September 22, 2008, 5PM

*   Space committee: do we want another undergraduate representative other than CLL? Llachlan reports the committee has had a lot of trouble scheduling meetings.
*   Lockers: Albert will prepare a list of questions to ask as a survey at the general meeting; EVERYONE please add any questions.
*   E-mail policy: if you want a reply, list from whom. If you're asked for a reply, please reply even if you have nothing to add.
*   Food at general meeting: we aren't allowed to have food in DMP310 for the meeting. Amy will ask Michele whether this is enforced or if we can work around it; otherwise, have the food in Reboot Cafe after the meeting.
*   Presentation at general meeting: Tristan, Jeremiah, Alden, Albert, and Nadia volunteered to take parts of the presentation.
*   Classroom announcements: ask Michele how to get professors to announce events in class.
*   BBQ: Jeremiah bought a skillet and spatula for precooking burgers. Albert purchased the BBQ on September 19 but it may not arrive soon enough; Albert volunteered to get coal for the old GSA BBQs. CLL has Foodsafe; additional volunteers are needed.
*   BBQ: We got volunteers.
*   BBQ: Advertisements will be printed by September 23. Will send e-mail September 22 evening to announce.
*   BBQ: Eric volunteered to help prepare the poster on September 25.
*   BBQ: Tristan volunteered to find out the procedure for acquiring additional Foodsafe certifications and e-mail the list.
*   Purchase of Rock Band: We can't buy it for general use due to noise, but we could use it for special events. It was decided not to buy Rock Band at this time; this may be reconsidered if we get 021.
*   Supplies: Albert, Eric, Nadia, and Chris will do a resupply run on September 25.
*   FoWCS: We'll have FoWCS representatives on the CSSS executive. FoWCS wants to run some girls'-only events like movie nights.
*   Gift card for Simon (from Sailing Club, who donated his time at the Beach Day to take CSSS members out sailing when we couldn't go kayaking): $50 VISA gift card; Albert will ask him to come to the general meeting where we can present it.
*   Calendar: we want a reusable write-on calendar for X139 for planning our events. Albert might have one; otherwise, we can buy one.
*   Adjourned at 6:13PM.
