---
title: "2008-08-27 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2008-08-27
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2008/0827
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

CSSS Meeting Minutes
August 27, 2008, 11:11AM

In attendance: Tristan Goffman, Elizabeth Patitsas, Albert Chen, Andrew Tjia, Ciaran Llachlan Leavitt, Jeremiah Tantongco, Presley Perswain, Amy Kwok, Christopher Head, Nadia Ahmadian

- Membership/Constitution
  - Moved: to create a committee to discuss the nature of the club and constitution. Members: Jeremiah, Amy, Presley, Chris, Tristan
  - Suggestion: no executive may take coop during the winter session in which they serve.
- Buttons and Lanyards
  - Buttons have been ordered, should arrive by around September 2
  - Lanyards are soon to be ordered; Presley presented proof samples of lanyards
    - Moved (Llachlan): to accept the colour scheme. Seconded Jeremiah. Passed.
    - Noted: the correct name is "Computer Science Student Society"
    - Accepted: the sparser design.
    - Voting: black text or white text: 4 in favour of white, 5 in favour of black; passed black text on blue background
- Lockers
  - The originally-chosen company is a UBC preferred vendor and offers discounts.
  - Moved (Presley): to create a subcomittee to prepare student surveys about interest in lockers. Seconded Chris. Volunteers: Llachlan, Albert, Elizabeth.
- Lounge Relocation
  - Llachlan: Space committee cancelled its August meeting; will meet next in second week of September.
- Photos
  - Llachlan: Proposed to put the current grad photo in the learning centre and rotate them up to the hallway walls.
- Treasurer
  - Moved: to appoint Chris as treasurer. Passed.
- Mission statement
  - Moved (Presley) to approve the new mission statement. Passed.
- Promotion
  - Need people to man the imagine day booth on the first day of class. Chris volunteered to send a message to the mailing list asking people to sign up for time. Need people from noon to 4PM plus cleanup.
  - Need a slideshow for the welcome event. Andrew volunteered to create the slideshow.
  - Need brochures for imagine day. Nadia volunteered to create brochures.
  - Need a volunteer to present at the welcome event (September 4). Jeremiah volunteered to present. Anyone who can be there should be! Also, include in the slideshow open positions and try to fill them!
- Event Ideas
  - Console game parties.
  - Social events inviting professors and students.
  - Beach day.
  - Ice Cubed.
  - Storm the Wall Team
- Barbecues
  - We have approved buying a new barbecue but we haven't decided what to buy or from where. Albert volunteered to look at barbecues at Home Depot.
- Acquisitions
  - We approved the purchase of an LCD screen but have not bought it yet. Chris volunteered to ask Llachlan to verify if Imager has an old one.
- Logo
  - Moved: to hold a logo contest. Passed.
  - We can give the winner a free piece of clothing.
  - Chris volunteered to reuse the existing contest details ([/node/517](/node/517)) and update for this year, with logos due November 7 and the winner announced November 21. Change the prize also. Also will create an e-mail alias to submit logos to. Also forward the data to Andrew to include in the slideshow for welcome day.
- Career Fair
  - Jeremiah has booked the SUB ballroom and SAC has approved.
  - Career fair is in February.
- AMS and SUS e-mails
  - Right now, everything is going to [\[email protected\]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) Moved: to change them to send to
    [\[email protected\]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) Passed.
- Get Learned Conference
  - They want us to put up a booth. We should promote ourselves.
  - Andrew, Albert, Presley, and Nadia volunteered to show up.

Meeting adjourned at 12:35PM.
