---
title: "2009-03-06 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2009-03-06
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2009/0306
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

CSSS Officers Meeting Minutes
March 6, 2009

Present: Aleks Boulankov, Albert Chen, Yicent Chen, Ryan Daley, Christopher Head, Piam Kiarostami, Amy Kwok, Wendy Lin, Sami Pardhan, Jeremiah Tantongco

Laser tag is on Thursday at 6:30 pm in Richmond. The cost per student is $5. This includes 2 games and 2 slices of pizza. Details are on the website.

The nomination forms for CSSS executive elections are due on Tuesday March 17th. Paper balloting will be the following Monday and Tuesday.

Please send Chris your class schedule so we can coordinate classroom announcements for upcoming events.

Amy will be managing the CSSS bulletin board. All items must now be approved by her.

Tickets for the boat cruise will arrive on Monday or Tuesday. They will be sold for $35 each. The cruise is on March 28th. Boarding begins at 6:30PM and the boat will depart at 7:30. Wine will be served at the bar. ID is required. Dress is formal.

We will have a barbecue on March 26th.

The CSSS beer garden will be on April 3rd in Reboot. We need to find barriers to restrict access and containment. The Math Club will be joining us. Drinks will be $2.50. A deejay is questionable.

Storm the Wall deadline for registration is March 25th. Event starts March 29th.

We will probably put the glass plates back in storage. Unfortunately we can not find an alternate location.

Lockers are being installed. The department is paying for them. CSSS will commission them and receive a proportion of the revenue. We will handle the details as issues arise with unused lockers.

The yearbook is done and will be going to print.
