---
title: "2010-03-04 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2010-03-04
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2010/0304
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

CSSS Officers Meeting
March 4th, 2010

Present: Aleks Boulankov, Fergus Kung, Amy Kwok, Kerry Li, Wendy Lin, Bert Ong, Sonia Purewal, Alden Salgado, Jeremiah Tantongco, Luke Yin

### Elections

(The following numbers below correspond to their respective sections in the constitution)

**Aleks, Bert, Sonia and Alden have suspended the constitution for the duration of this meeting** because we have unintentionally violated 10.3.

10.1: Ignacio Rodriguez has been appointed as the Returning Officer.

10.2: Nominations will open on March 8th, 2010 at 12:00PM and close on March 19th, 2010 at 12:00PM. Campaigning blurbs must be in an hour later at 1:00PM on the 19th. Campaigning begins from then on until March 24th, 2010 at 12:00PM.

10.3: Elections will be take place from the 25th to the 26th. Nomination forms to be retrieved from Chris.

### Exec Reports

- Alden:
  - E-drive: collecting electronic waste for recycling for the entire month of March
    - Poster needs to be made
    - Marc has a website for the event
  - Campaign will run from March 15th–26th
    - Hoping to have a two-hour booth each day with a presentation on Rain City, give people the option to donate $2 to get a raindrop cutout and tape it on the windows.
    - Talked with Plant Ops about keeping things on windows
  - Chelsea has been notified to advertise for a 30-hour famine (March 24th–25th)
  - Bake sale on March 19th, possible barbeque on the 26th pre-Boat Cruise
- Bert:
  - Movie Night posters up, waiting on Boat Cruise posters
  - Will have to know info about other events
- Miscellaneous:
  - Grad gift—unknown status.
  - Yearbook:
    - Unknown status.
    - Would be nice if yearbooks were done by year-end.
    - Book exec photos by end of March so composites are in yearbook.
      - Exec photos to be booked after Boat Cruise.
  - Thunderbots want sponsorship—have they checked AMS for funds?
  - May 28th, 2010 for grad ceremony.
