---
title: "2010-01-21 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2010-01-21
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2010/0121
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

CSSS Officers Meeting
January 21, 2010

Present: Aleks Boulankov, Eason Hu, Mike Kenyon, Fergus Kung, Karen Lee, Kerry Li, Wendy Lin, Kevin Moore, Bert Ong, Sonia Purewal, Alden Salgado, Jré Sarenac, Cameron Smith, Chung Voon, Ryan Wong, Luke Yin

AGM will be two weeks from now. The time will be finalized once we poll everyone.

Science week is next week and thus we need to man our booth from 11AM–4PM Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday. The Science Week theme is Sci-fi Innovation and John Povell is the guest speaker. Historically, we have had a projector and an XBox. However, it would be wise to do something different as we don't want to appear as a gaming club.

This year we will have a poster promoting and highlighting our club. It will include our tutoring program, the ACM competition, student projects, the boat cruise, Byte to Eat and other events. We can also have students play logic games and sell merchandise. Bert, Mike and Kevin will work on the poster.

Boat Cruise planning is underway. We still need to speak to Dan from the company and figure out boat capacity.

We'll invite the Math Club again if they are interested.

We will contact Sally from UBC Publishers to discuss the yearbook.

The deadline for graduation photos is March 5th. We will schedule a date for executive pictures.

Kevin and Aleks had a budget meeting with the department. The major discussion points are as follows:

1.  Class Act was discussed. Money has been set aside for the grad class gift. The amount we raise will be matched by the department and other partners.
2.  The department suggested we get another barbeque as it will help alleviate the unreasonably long line-ups. However, in order to do this, we need to find another individual who has FoodSafe or would be willing to get FoodSafe (we would cover the costs) so that they can run the barbeques. It was suggested that Richard or Vlad may be interested. We would want someone who is going to be here for years to come.
3.  Several students approach the department with requests to fund conferences and competitions. Recently, students needed to come up with $13000 to go to Singapore for Thunderbots. Thus the department suggested we work together in the future to help these students. Perhaps, we could help fundraise or provide subsidies that could be matched etc. This will be further discussed at a later date.

 
We need to send the department an invoice in order to receive our student club fees.

CSSS elections were discussed. It is too early to plan as they are not until March.

We will need to find a Class Act representative.

Pizza sale will be continuing biweekly due to its popularity. There will be one on January 23 2010. The proceeds from this Pizza sale will go to the Haiti relief effort.

In terms of the tutoring program, we have lots of tutors but need tutees. Continue advertising. We may also have a review session. We could hold it in a lab room.

We will have a Coffee House performance night. We will probably hold it in DMP 310. We have some performers already lined up. There will be skits from committees, Amy will play the electric guitar. All proceeds will go to Rain City Housing.

There will be a movie night in the next two weeks.

Laser Tag is happening this Sunday (January 24, 2010). Everyone attending should meet at Planet Lazer in New Westminster at 6:30PM.

There will be a bowling event after the Olympics.

We need to find storage space. We need to speak to the Space Committee.

A transaction system for the CUBE was discussed. There is a lot of overhead and maintenance associated with this. Chris has graduated and we can not expect him to create or manage this. This has also been previously considered and there are too many security issues etc for this to be feasible.

We should discuss how print credits are allocated and sold with the department. It doesn't make sense that they are sold at the SUB or that we are charged 2 credits per page. Furthermore, access to a photocopier would be useful as the nearest library is Scarfe.

Getting a printer for the Cube was discussed; however, space and maintenance are issues that make this endeavour infeasible.

The Newsletter was discussed. It may be hard to maintain as the 432 is already tanking because of no content. However, Diane, from the department, would contribute a column on career planning at the very least. It only has to be a double sided page so at the very least it can include our upcoming events and showcase past successful events. It will raise awareness.

Exam database creation is underway. It will be fantastic.
