---
title: "2011-10-06 Meeting Minutes"
date: 2011-10-06
type: minutes
aliases:
  - /club/about/minutes/2011/1006
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

Present: Matthew Dorfmann, Fergus Kung, Kerry Li, Kevin Miller, Omri Wallach, Vlad Zaharia
Absent: Sean Lee, Richard Lo

### VPS

Social Meeting → Next Week TBD

Board Game → Friday, Jules will be there

More Poster Advertising needed, at least one week in advance

Started talking to Tim (COGS) → No updates on event though

BBQ next Friday (Oct 14)

_Kerry_: Rebuy stuff for BBQ
_Omri_: Sign up Sheet
_Kevin_: Put up signs ASAP, send Michele email

Talk with Mahony’s on Friday

Sock Wars late Oct/early Nov

### VPI

Less clutter

_Matt_: Get rid of food bank stuff
No more backpacks in walking lanes (ie between couches and table)
Cleanup underneath furniture (table, couches, etc)

Lockers

Llachlan’s locker → cut off lock, remove contents (currently rented to another guy)

Reminder: Bring sign out / pull up blinds

Keep Xbox corner mildly clean

Controllers left everywhere, lost a few → Pick up all controllers and put them back
_Kerry_: Throw away 3rd party controllers

Print out list of officers, leave in the Cube

### VPX

AUS form done, SUS by the end of the week

### VPV

SOC—Jared emailed guy

Still need to send out email to all people

Writing email soon

Need to recruit new members

Tutoring—No updates. Asked a few people, nobody wants to coordinate

Dept Committees—Sending out second email soon

Faculty Recruiting Committee—No timeframe.

### VPC

Year Reps—

Chung 4th
Peter BCS
Amy SUS
Vlad AUS
3rd, 2nd, 1st Nobody
Publications Officers Nobody

Emails to Michele are happening :)

### VPF

Waiting on dept for money

_Vlad_: Bug Chelsey after Friday

Matt's reimbursment was denied → In USD, must have converted to CAD

Omri, Vlad needing reimbursements

### VPA

Minutes now on website

### Other

Revamp website

Chris doing it?
_Vlad_: Email Chris about it
