---
title: "Core Executives—2010–2011"
date: 2010-09-01
aliases:
  - /club/about/core/2010
  - /ambassadors/2010
execs:
  - position: President
    name: Jré Sarenac
    img: jre_sarenac_2010.jpg
    email: president@thecube.ca
    description: |
      Jré is a 4th year computer science student. She completed her first two years at
      Langara College before transferring to UBC. Her academic interests include
      **Human Computer Interaction**, particularly for users with special needs. She's
      also very interested in **inattentional blindness** and is currently working as
      a research assistant for the Visual Cognition Lab at UBC. Outside of her
      academic interests she enjoys the outdoors, especially volleyball, snowboarding,
      hiking and camping.
  - position: Vice President, Communications
    name: Bert Ong
    img: bertrand_ong_2010.jpg
    email: vpc@thecube.ca
    description: |
      Bert is in his 6th and final year at UBC. Having started in the Cogs program, he
      soon discovered that he much preferred Computer Science and switched major
      accordingly. In his free time, Bert enjoys gaming, reading, live music and
      referring to himself in the third person.
  - position: Vice President, External
    name: Jeremiah Tantongco
    img: jeremiah_tantongco_2010.jpg
    email: vpx@thecube.ca
    description: |
      Jeremiah is a 5th year student in Computer Science. He's been doing his Computer
      Science degree ever since high school. Originally, he was interested in
      programming games, but has now forgotten that fact. He volunteers as the VPX to
      find out what kind of opportunities are out there in the whole wide world.
      Outside of school, Jeremiah likes to play video games such as Starcraft 2 and
      Board games.
  - position: Vice President, Internal
    name: Mike Kenyon
    email: vpi@thecube.ca
  - position: Vice President, Internal (former; unable to continue due to co-op)
    img: richard_lo_2010.jpg
    name: Richard Lo
    description: |
      Richard is a 3rd Year Computer Science student at UBC. His interests revolve
      around phone technology and development, especially with Android. Outside of
      school he enjoys playing badminton, biking, kayaking and snowboarding.
  - position: Vice President, Social
    email: vps@thecube.ca
    name: Sean Lee
    img: sean_lee_2010.jpg
    description: |
      Sean is a second year student in Cognitive Systems—Computer stream. He's
      interested in studying human computer interaction and artificial intelligence,
      but has yet to fall in love with any particular subject. Outside of his
      academics, he likes listening to jazz, playing Starcraft II and cooking
      (horribly).
  - position: Vice President, Social (former; resigned 2010-09-16)
    name: Karen Lee
    img: karen_lee_2010.jpg
  - position: Vice President, Volunteering Services
    name: André Malan
    img: andre_malan_2010.jpg
    email: vpv@thecube.ca
    description: |
      André is a 5th year CS student from South Africa. André is passionate about
      education and spends a lot of time thinking about ways to use technology to help
      those who need it. You can find more about him at his website
      [http://andremalan.net](http://andremalan.net/).
  - position: Vice President, Financial
    name: Melsa Smith
    img: melsa_smith_2010.jpg
    email: vpf@thecube.ca
    description: |
      Melsa is a 4th year CS student. She is completing the Software Engineering
      option, but her real passion is Data Management. Melsa is also a distance
      triathlete and Personal Trainer.
  - position: Vice President, Administration
    name: Kalan MacRow
    img: kalan_macrow_2010.jpg
    email: vpa@thecube.ca
    description: |
      Kalan is a third year Computer Science student at UBC. His wide-ranging
      interests include web development, cryptography, physics and architecture.
      Outside of school and work Kalan enjoys swimming, reading philosophy and
      travelling.
---

These were the core executives in the 2010–2011 academic year.

{{< execs >}}

# Campus Ambassadors

Campus Ambassadors are on-campus student contacts who would love to share their
experience and insights on their company work opportunities, social aspects, and
culture. They look forward to talking about what they did as coops and what you
can expect. Feel free to reach out to any of them if you are interested in the
company they are promoting! See
[a list of the Computer Science-related Ambassadors](/ambassadors).

### Amy Kwok—RIM Campus Ambassador

Hello everyone! I am Amy Kwok, your RIM (Research In Motion) Campus Ambassador.
I am in 4th year Computer Science and minoring in Commerce. I was also the
Computer Science Student Society (CSSS) President back in 2008. During my coop
term at RIM, I worked 4 months as a Product Manager in Waterloo. If you have any
questions about RIM, my coop work term, or Waterloo, please do not hesitate to
contact me: <`askwok[at]cs[dot]ubc[dot]ca`\>.

More about RIM: There are ~700 students combined (new, extending… etc) on campus
globally each term. RIM is Canada’s largest private sector Coop program! RIM has
a student run club (RCSC) where you can be involved. Students at RIM make a
difference and work on real projects. Apply online at:
[http://rim.com/go/students](http://rim.com/go/students).

More about Waterloo: Student life is very prominent in Waterloo, with youth from
the University of Waterloo, Conestoga College and Wilfrid Laurier. There are
many student hot spots around town and you’ll never be bored. If this is your
first time away from Vancouver, definitely check out RIM @ Waterloo!

### Vlad Zaharia—Microsoft Student Partner

Hey everyone! I’m Vlad Zaharia, the Microsoft Student Partner for UBC. I’m a 2nd
year Computer Science major. I am actively involved in the Computer Science
Student Society, so you can probably find me around the CS building all the
time. If you have any questions about Microsoft, whether it’s about their
products, co-op opportunities, or their scholarships, feel free to contact me at
<`vlad[dot]zaharia[at]msptechrep[dot]com`\> or ask me in person if you bump into
me.

More about Microsoft: With 90,000 employees in more than 60 countries, Microsoft
is one of the top IT employers in the world. You’ll get a chance to work on one
of more than 300 products currently in development. If you have the passion, we
have the path. Apply online at
[http://microsoft.com/college](https://www.microsoft.com/college).

More about Redmond: At Microsoft, you’ll get the best on-the-job training in the
world, while enjoying a casual, flexible work environment where you can choose
everything from when you work to what you wear. When you’re not working hard,
you’ll be playing hard. Whether at work or at play, you’ll be surrounded by some
of the smartest, most talented, most committed technology lovers in the world.
