---
title: "Searching for an internship? Just Google it."
date: 2008-01-17T02:37:00.000Z
type: book page
aliases:
  - /node/1027
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>Google has an exciting and innovative internship program for students pursuing degrees in a variety of different areas.  We&apos;re looking for students pursuing degrees in computer science (or closely related areas) who love to problem-solve, code and design.  If you like working on challenging and intriguing problems in an entrepreneurial environment that respects creative approaches and solutions, a Google internship is for you! </p>
<p>Internships are full-time positions and are available year round.  Start and end dates are flexible with regard to academic schedules, but you will be expected to commit to at least three months of full-time work.  We want to make sure we provide you a valuable learning experience and a deeper understanding of Google&apos;s work environment, culture, and delicious food. </p>
<p>Currently, we are accepting applications for internships that start during the months of April, May, June, and July.  Applications are being reviewed on a rolling basis, so apply early.  A limited number of on-campus interviews will be available on your campus on JANUARY 25, 2008.</p>
<p>Don&apos;t hesitate, apply now!  Resume drop deadline for UBC on-campus interviews is JANUARY 21, 2008. Go to <a href="https://www.google.com/jobs/students/intern">www.google.com/jobs/students/intern</a>.  Be sure to take a look at what we offer, the benefits interns receive, and all the fun Google interns have.</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>