---
title: "eHealth Strategy Office Survey"
date: 2010-09-09T07:25:00.000Z
type: story
aliases:
  - /node/1383
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>ENTER TO WIN A SEARS VOUCHER FOR $200!</p>
<p>Welcome back to a new university year!</p>
<p>My Office (the eHealth Strategy Office here at UBC), together with the Department of Computer Science and School of Nursing, are looking at the potential for setting up various educational opportunities for health informatics education.  The goal is to identify whether or not there exists a demand long-term applied, professional development and research programs in eHealth/health informatics here at UBC and what format these programs should take. As part of the project, the views of potential students, industry, government and academic experts will be sought around potential health informatics educational offerings and the expected capabilities of graduates from these programs.</p>
<p>I would like to invite you to participate via an online survey, which should take approximately 30 minutes to complete, your views and thoughts on the current field of eHealth/health informatics and the education provided within this field. Your input into this project would be highly valued, given your study in an area of the health sciences and as a potential user of various health informatics tools and techniques upon graduation. The purpose of this study is to (a) explore the demand and sustainability for short courses and an applied and research postgraduate program in eHealth/health informatics; and (b) determine the expectations of concepts, skills, and knowledge that individuals completing the program would be required to possess. Full details of the project and procedures are in the <a href="/files/20100909-ehealth.doc">attached document</a>.</p>
<p>If you choose to participate, please complete the online survey at <a href="http://ipehealth.med.ubc.ca/Page2214.aspx"><code>&lt;http://ipehealth.med.ubc.ca/Page2214.aspx&gt;</code></a>. Please complete the survey by mid-September. Survey participants have the chance to enter a draw to win a Sears voucher to the value to $200.</p>
<p>Many thanks in advance for your valued input into potential UBC eHealth/Health Informatics programs!</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>