---
title: Modeling and Learning in Multimedia and Speech Processing: Industrial and Academic Perspectives 
date: 2007-10-29T21:51:00.000Z
type: event
aliases:
  - https://ubccsss.org/node/1012
author:
  username: atjia
  link: https://ubccsss.org/user/14
images:
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>This lecture will present recent advances and central issues in multimedia signal processing, speech processing/recognition in particular, from the speaker&#x2019;s personal industrial and academic perspectives. Multimedia technologies represent rich applications and interactions among a variety of information sources including speech, music/audio, graphics, animation, image, video, and text/language. They also span over wide-ranging information processing tasks including coding/compression, transmission/networking, analysis, synthesis, perception, recognition, understanding, and retrieval. Future multimedia technology development will require an increasing level of intelligence, for which modeling and learning are two central issues. As a concrete example, this lecture will focus on the development of speech recognition and understanding technology over the past four decades and elaborate on the key roles that modeling and learning have been playing in the technology development.</p>
<p>Li Deng was Professor at the University of Waterloo, Ontario, 1989&#x2013;1999, and is currently Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research, Redmond. He has published over 300 refereed papers in leading international conferences and journals, 15 book chapters, and two books. He has over 20 patents as inventor or co-inventor in acoustics, speech/language technology, multimedia/multi-sensor human-computer interaction, and signal processing. He currently serves on the IEEE Signal Processing Society&#x2019;s Multimedia Signal Processing Technical Committee and is Area Editor of IEEE Signal Processing Magazine. He was a Technical Chair of the IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing (ICASSP04), and the General Chair of the IEEE Workshop on Multimedia Signal Processing, 2006.</p>
<p>For more information, see <a href="http://www.icics.ubc.ca/news/images/dls2007.pdf">http://www.icics.ubc.ca/news/images/dls2007.pdf</a></p>
</div></div></div><div class="field field-name-field-dates field-type-datetime field-label-above"><div class="field-label">When:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><span class="date-display-single">Thursday, November 22, 2007 - <span class="date-display-range"><span class="date-display-start">14:30</span> to <span class="date-display-end">16:00</span></span></span></div></div></div><div class="field field-name-field-location field-type-text field-label-above"><div class="field-label">Where:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even">Dempster Room 310</div></div></div>    <footer>
    <div class="field field-name-field-tags field-type-taxonomy-term-reference field-label-above"><div class="field-label">Tags:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><a href="/career">Career</a></div></div></div>      </footer>