---
title: XModus Software Summer Jobs 
date: 2008-09-14T09:27:00.000Z
type: story
aliases:
  - https://ubccsss.org/node/1059
author:
  username: Christopher Head
  link: https://ubccsss.org/user/2
images:
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>We have a tech support and testing position available this summer&#x2026; and for the really smart ones we need some programming too. This is full-time, starting in May (or when you are available), salary of $16/hr (~$2,500/month).  Please send an email (to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#6f05000d1c2f1702000b1a1c410c0002"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="e08a8f8293a0988d8f849593ce838f8d">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a>) telling us why you are the <b>one</b>&#x2014;along with a copy of your resume.</p>
<p>Position Summary:<br>
As a technical support specialist, you will answer customer inquiries, monitor both internal and customer systems, and communicate with our clients to troubleshoot and resolve their issues. You will directly impacts our productivity by managing daily customer issues and assisting in our product initiatives and development.  You will also impact future product development and direction by reporting on common issues and collecting customer input.</p>
<!--break--><p>
Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>You will answer support telephone calls (we only get about 2 per day) and provide customers with answers to product questions and escalate trouble tickets when necessary.</li>
<li>You will answer support email requests (we get lots of these each day), creating and routing requests as necessary.</li>
<li>You will use our web monitoring tools to monitor various applications and escalate trouble tickets when problems arise.</li>
<li>You will learn our software applications and provide assistance is creating support documentation for internal and customer use.</li>
<li>You will record and report any reccurring problems so we can fix them and make our customers happier.</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills &amp; Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>You love helping people solve problems and take pride in what you do.</li>
<li>You are smart, analytical, organized and love to learn new things.</li>
<li>You thrive under pressure and enjoy bringing order to chaos.</li>
<li>You have excellent verbal and written communication skills&#x2014;you aren&apos;t shy reassuring a customer with a phone call or email.</li>
<li>You have solid computer and Internet skills&#x2014;you don&apos;t need to be a computer geek but having some computer kung-fu would be great!</li>
</ul>
<p>Nice to have skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>E-Commerce or Retail experience&#x2014;because we sell software to e-commerce and retail companies!</li>
<li>HTML or graphical design skills&#x2014;because we sell web-based software&#x2026;</li>
<li>ESP or other super-power&#x2014;you will be monitoring and handling customer issues, enough said.</li>
</ul>
<p>Contact Information:<br>
XModus Software Inc.<br>
2501 Spruce Street, Suite 100<br>
Vancouver, BC, V6H 2P8<br>
(604) 732-7337</p>
<p>Email: <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#95fffaf7e6d5edf8faf1e0e6bbf6faf8"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="f49e9b9687b48c999b908187da979b99">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a><br>
Chris Kerslake, President: (604) 732-7337 ext. 101 </p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>