---
title: "Eclipse Information and Networking Session"
date: 2009-02-26T07:57:00.000Z
type: event
aliases:
  - /node/1204
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>Please join Wayne Beaton, Developer Evangelist for the Eclipse Foundation, for this evening of information exchange and networking.</p>
<p>Most of us are familiar with Eclipse as a free Java IDE. But there&apos;s much more to Eclipse than this: Eclipse is a platform for building applications, an open source community developing many varied technologies, an eco-system of companies that base their businesses on open source Eclipse software, and more. During this short presentation, you&apos;ll be introduced to some Eclipse projects that you probably haven&apos;t heard very much about, learn how you can leverage open source Eclipse technology in your own projects, and discuss the community and eco-system. We&apos;ll talk about both short- and long-term employment opportunities in the Eclipse community (including the Eclipse Foundation&apos;s participation in the Google Summer of Code programme).</p>
<p>We&apos;ll demonstrate Eclipse in action by showing how you can develop your own plug-ins to extend the Eclipse environment. Along the way, we&apos;ll show you some of the features that make Eclipse great, including refactoring, code completion, and Quick Fix/Assist.</p>
<p>We&apos;ll wrap up the formal session with an introduction to The Eclipse IDE for Education, a new Eclipse project that is concerned with improving undergraduate students&apos; experiences with Eclipse. We hope to use this session to learn about your experiences with Eclipse so that we can leverage your experiences to make Eclipse better.</p>
<p>Networking with some local members of the Eclipse community will follow.<br>
Food will be served.</p>
</div></div></div><div class="field field-name-field-dates field-type-datetime field-label-above"><div class="field-label">When:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><span class="date-display-single">Tuesday, March 3, 2009 - <span class="date-display-range"><span class="date-display-start">17:00</span> to <span class="date-display-end">18:30</span></span></span></div></div></div><div class="field field-name-field-location field-type-text field-label-above"><div class="field-label">Where:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even">DMP 201</div></div></div>    <footer>
    <div class="field field-name-field-tags field-type-taxonomy-term-reference field-label-above"><div class="field-label">Tags:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><a href="/career">Career</a></div></div></div>      </footer>