---
title: "Canadian Institute for Advanced Research gets Vancouver talking  about The Next Big Question"
date: 2010-04-24T00:08:00.000Z
type: event
aliases:
  - /node/1356
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>This spring, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR) is taking the best and brightest minds out of their labs and offices to tour the country, challenging Canadians to think about the biggest questions facing our world today.</p>
<p>In Vancouver, at an event moderated by CBC Radio&#x2019;s Early Edition host Rick Cluff, three CIFAR researchers will make a case for why their research area represents the Next Big Question. The people of Vancouver will be able to join in the discussion and vote for the researcher who best makes their case.</p>
<p>In Vancouver, the following <em>Next Big Questions</em> will be championed:</p>
<dl>
<dt>Can we sustain the information revolution?</dt>
<dd>By Don Eigler, expert on the physics of nanometer-scale structures and exploring the applications of nanometer-scale structures to computing</dd>
<dt>What is the fate of the universe?</dt>
<dd>By Julio Navarro, expert on the study of the formation and evolution of galaxies</dd>
<dt>How can political institutions best promote peace and prosperity?</dt>
<dd>By Jim Fearon, Professor of Humanities and Sciences and Chair of the Department of Political Science at Stanford University</dd>
</dl>
<p>Tickets are $30 and can be bought at <a href="http://cifarnbq.ca/">cifarNBQ.ca</a>. Seating is limited and you must have tickets in advance to attend.</p>
<p><strong>About CIFAR</strong></p>
<p>Created in 1982, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research builds teams of the best Canadian and international researchers to collaborate on complex questions at the frontiers of human knowledge. The Institute&#x2019;s research is interdisciplinary, collaborative, and risky and aimed at creating knowledge with the potential to change how we understand our world. We help Canada attract and retain many of the world&#x2019;s greatest researchers, so as to enrich Canada intellectually and economically.</p>
<p>For more information, visit <a href="http://cifar.ca/">cifar.ca</a>.</p>
</div></div></div><div class="field field-name-field-dates field-type-datetime field-label-above"><div class="field-label">When:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><span class="date-display-single">Monday, May 10, 2010 - <span class="date-display-range"><span class="date-display-start">17:30</span> to <span class="date-display-end">19:30</span></span></span></div></div></div><div class="field field-name-field-location field-type-text field-label-above"><div class="field-label">Where:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even">H. R. MacMillan Space Centre, 1100 Chestnut Street</div></div></div>    <footer>
    <div class="field field-name-field-tags field-type-taxonomy-term-reference field-label-above"><div class="field-label">Tags:&#xA0;</div><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><a href="/career">Career</a></div></div></div>      </footer>