---
title: "TheChange looking for backend PHP web developer"
date: 2010-06-15T17:25:00.000Z
type: story
aliases:
  - /node/1365
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>Passionate about using technology for social change&#x203D; Want to be a part of the founding team of a promising start-up? If you are a self-motivated, entrepreneurial web developer then keep reading!</p>
<p><a href="http://thechange.com/">TheChange</a> is a media platform for sustainability engagement, in a local context. People use our platform to shop, work and study for change while organizations use TheChange to connect with a highly targeted and motivated audience interested in their sustainability initiatives and opportunities. We launched TheChange.com on May 15th with the participation of over 50 of BC&apos;s leading sustainable companies and NGO&apos;s. We have big plans for future development. It&apos;s an exciting time to join our team!</p>
<p>As the back-end development lead you will be responsible for hard coding and expanding the back end functionality of website. The current site was built in python/django, but now we&apos;re transitioning to PHP.</p>
<p>Your work will include both new developments and modifications to existing build outs&#x2014;you should be comfortable writing code from scratch and reworking pre-developed functions and features. You&apos;ll be responsible for various additional tasks including bug fixes, server troubleshooting, and technical strategic input. You will work closely with our web design and marketing team members to develop and create a continually better customer experience. Growth and new challenges will be endless with this job as the company scales up at a continually faster pace.</p>
<p>This is not your regular 9&#x2013;5 job. We are looking for someone who shares our vision, has an entrepreneurial spirit, a strong work ethic and is keen to be part of a start-up environment. If you are a motivated self-starter with strong interpersonal skills, and enjoy working in an agile and iterative development environment, then you&apos;ll fit right in.</p>
<p>Please note: Our start-up is supported by a government program that funds innovative technology start-ups; this program requires that new hires are 30 years or younger and have post secondary education.</p>
<p>Recent graduates with a strong portfolio are encouraged to apply!</p>
<p>Qualifications</p>
<ul>
<li>Post secondary degree or diploma in a related field</li>
<li>3+ years of demonstrated web development experience</li>
<li>Strong working ability in PHP</li>
<li>Strong working knowledge of MySQL and experience building scalable database driven web sites</li>
<li>Experience using open source software and services</li>
<li>Knowledge of MVC frameworks (CakePHP, Codeigniter, Elgg)</li>
<li>Basic sysadmin skills for Linux-based deployments</li>
<li>E-commerce experience is preferred</li>
</ul>
<p>Who you are</p>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about web technologies, usability and analytics</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial spirit; you love iterating and shipping quickly and frequently</li>
<li>Excited at the prospect of putting everything into your work</li>
<li>A deep belief in learning through doing</li>
<li>Excellent communicator with good project management skills</li>
<li>Dedicated to constant refinement and improvement in every task you take on</li>
<li>Understanding and interest in Web 2.0 concepts&#x2014;social media, UGC, online communities</li>
<li>You&apos;re innately driven to create web applications that users love</li>
</ul>
<p>Bonus</p>
<ul>
<li>Previous start-up experience</li>
<li>Experience with the Elgg framework</li>
<li>Experience with social media integration (Facebook Connect, Twitter API, etc.)</li>
<li>Experience with Python an asset but not necessary</li>
</ul>
<p>Why Join Us?</p>
<ul>
<li>Get involved with a start-up that has garnered early traction and grow with the company</li>
<li>Lead technology development and use your skills to make a mark!</li>
<li>We can offer a base salary and equity participation</li>
</ul>
<p>We Want to Hear From You!</p>
<p>For more information, see <a href="http://thechange.com/jobs/1312/">this page</a>. Please direct all inquiries and r&#xE9;sum&#xE9;s to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#98f9f6f6f9f4fdf9d8ecf0fdfbf0f9f6fffdb6fbf7f5"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="75141b1b1419101435011d10161d141b12105b161a18">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a>. Please include links to previous projects!</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>