---
title: "ethicalDeal.com is hiring a Web Developer"
date: 2011-05-02T01:21:00.000Z
type: story
aliases:
  - /node/1456
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><h3>Company Overview</h3>
<p>ethicalDeal.com is the leading social commerce platform that features a daily deal on the best GREEN stuff to do in the city. We use the group-buying model to introduce people to GREEN alternatives - making it easy and fun for people to discover their GREEN city! Headquartered in Vancouver, B.C., ethicalDeal is a young and ambitious team that has a vision  of advancing the GREEN movement on a city-by-city basis across North America.</p>
<h3>Web Developer</h3>
<p>Reporting to the CTO, you will be responsible for inhouse web development, quality assurance, build &amp; test automation, integration and deployment. You don&apos;t need to be an expert in all these areas, but you do need a curious nature, a knack for problem-solving, and ideally a soft spot for our planet! Our ideal candidate is someone that embraces these ideals and is able to handle this expansive role. Recent and new graduates encouraged to apply.</p>
<h3>Personality</h3>
<ul>
<li>Self-starter, quick learner, intelligent and resourceful</li>
<li>Integrity, strong work ethic, a team player</li>
<li>Proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously while effectively managing schedules and communicating a project&#x2019;s progress</li>
<li>Able to work in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Embraces &amp; enjoys a start up environment</li>
<li>A deep belief in learning through doing</li>
<li>Dedicated to constant refinement &amp; improvement of your work</li>
</ul>
<h3>Highlighted Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop &amp; enhance features on CakePHP, constantly improving ethicalDeal so we can fulfill our mission</li>
<li>Making best QA processes and implementing them</li>
<li>Help us move towards QA testing automation (Selenium, PhpUnit, etc)</li>
<li>Manage deployments to and functional testing on Staging and Production Servers</li>
<li>Improve/Automate Administration &amp; Business Processes</li>
</ul>
<h3>Required Qualifications</h3>
<p>In addition to integrity, a strong work ethic, and being a team player, you must have the following:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with PHP MVC Development Frameworks (ideally, CakePHP but including Yii, CodeIgniter, Symfony, etc)</li>
<li>Interest in learning about Test Automation via Unit and Acceptance testing</li>
<li>Experience with Version Control Systems (Git, SVN)</li>
<li>Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript</li>
</ul>
<h3>The Nice-to-haves</h3>
<ul>
<li>Interest and/or experience in mobile development</li>
<li>Mastery of Git &amp; SVN version control systems and conflict resolution</li>
<li>Flash/Actionscript experience</li>
<li>Jquery expertise</li>
</ul>
<h3>Apply Now!</h3>
<p>If this is an ideal position for you, please send your cover letter and resume to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#3b6f52567b5e4f5352585a577f5e5a5715585456"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="17437e7a5772637f7e74767b5372767b3974787a">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a> with &#x201C;ethicalDeal Web Developer&#x201D; in the subject line.</p>
<p>A big thank you in advance for your interest in ethicalDeal! Please note, only those candidates that meet the qualifications will be contacted. All the best in your job search!</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>