---
title: "CUTC 2006 - Canadian Undergraduate Technology Conference"
date: 2012-10-21T22:34:00.000Z
type: book page
aliases:
  - /node/29
author: Christopher Head
images: []
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>Want to see what&apos;s up and coming in Canada&apos;s IT industry? The Canadian Undergraduate Technology Conference provides students with an opportunity to interact with the brightest student minds from around Canada, as well as representatives from North America&apos;s leading IT companies! Companies such as Bell, Cognos, General Electric, IBM, and Microsoft -- to name a few -- participated in last year&apos;s conference.</p>
<p>CUTC 2006 will be held sometime in late January. Students are responsible for paying for their own round-trip airfare (although CSSS may be offering some type of subsidy to help offset this cost). The Conference provides students with a greatly reduced hotel rate (the rate last year for staying at the Delta Conference Resort was $32/night!). There is a registration fee to attend the event, but if enough students from BC register the registration fees will be waived. </p>
<p>Finalized details about this year&apos;s Conference have not yet been made available. You can check out the CUTC website at <a href="http://www.cutc.ca" target="new">http://www.cutc.ca/</a> - but please note that it is still under construction.</p>
<p>The Computer Science Student Society is willing to coordinate all arrangements for attending this year&apos;s CUTC. Please email <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#ec8f99988fac8f9f9f9fc28f9fc2998e8fc28f8d"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="66031e12031408070a1016260515151548051548130405480507">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a> if you&apos;re interested in attending, or if you have any questions.  In 2004, 15 students from UBC attended CUTC and had a blast - let&apos;s do the same thing this year :)</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>