---
title: "Computer Science Class Act 2006"
date: 2006-04-17T03:08:00.000Z
aliases:
  - /class_act_2006
author: dtan
images: []
---

Dear Graduating Computer Science students,

Well, for many of us, the end is almost in sight! I hope you are surviving two months of your Computer Science degree! As your 2006 Class Act Representative, I wanted to inform you of our department's involvement in this year's Class Act program.

As many of you know Class Act is a graduating gift campaign where all departing students donate towards a gift selected by the graduating class. Class Act was started by three UBC faculties in 1991, and now the program has snowballed to at times include more than 41 faculties on campus. Last year the graduating Computer Science students raised $390.50; this year we would like to raise $800.00.

This year, our Class Act donations will go towards Student Excellence awards to recognize students who have made significant contributions to the department of Computer Science. By giving out these scholarships we are encouraging future involvement that will cause the CS community to continue to grow and flourish and be a great environment for undergrads in the years to come.

The suggested donation amount is $20.06 in honour of our graduating year. If we all participate, we can make a huge difference and raise $3, 610.80. Our Department Head, Bill Aeillo, has agreed to match whatever amount we raise through this campaign. In addition it will be matched by the CSSS and by the Dean of Science. This means that our donations are increased four-fold! For example, if we raise $3, 610.80, that will equal a $14,443.20 contribution to the scholarship fund.

Donating is really simple: go to [www.supporting.ubc.ca/how\_to/onetime.html](http://www.supporting.ubc.ca/how_to/onetime.html) to donate online by credit card. Select or type your donation amount and enter "Class Act Computer Science" in the "Select your Gift Designation" section. The secure website will take you through the necessary steps. If you would like to donate by cheque or cash please pick up a form from the CSSS office (X139) and submit to the CSSS office or any CSSS executive. You should expect a tax receipt within two weeks of your donation.

Please go to [www.supporting.ubc.ca/classact](http://www.supporting.ubc.ca/classact) for further information about the Class Act campaign. If you have further questions, please contact Angie Smashnuk at 604.822.5345 or 1.877.717.4483, or email her at angie.smashnuk\[at\]ubc.ca

Rachel Chao

4th Year Computer Science Student
