---
title: CUTC Hackathon
date: 2013-03-13
categories: [Hackathon]
aliases:
  - /node/1519
author: Christopher Head
images: []
tags: [Career, Social]
---

This is one hackathon you can’t afford to miss. Facebook. Microsoft. 800 developers. Energy drinks. Ready? The CUTC Hackathon will be one of the craziest nights of your year, as you build something awesome, get feedback from some of the top people in the industry, and end up with serious prize money. If coding’s not your thing, you can always set up a late-night LAN party instead—snacks are on us!

CUTC Hackathon is going to be hosted at CUTC Infect, Canada’s largest and longest-running technology conference. This means you can combine two events into one and add a couple days of learning about and playing with the coolest tech to your night-long hackathon. You’d best rest up beforehand—it’s going to be a crazy weekend.

This year, we’re going to shake it up from the same boring conference set-up. We let you personalize your own conference experience—from our broad range of breakout sessions to all of our unique workshops, we guarantee you’ll find something worthwhile. You get to decide how to maximize your delegate experience and discover what’s next. We have incredible keynotes lined up, a kick-ass Hackaton, a tech expo that showcases some of Canada’s most innovative companies, plus more!

[Register now!](http://infect.cutc.ca)

When:

Saturday, May 4, 2013 (All day)

Where:

UBC

Tags:

[Career](/career)

[Social](/social)
